---
layout: post
title: Benchmark Weekly Reflection
date: 2018-10-26
---
Finally, we have reached 1/3 of our semesester in our computer class. In this part of Intro To CS, we learned many things, specifically on how we english and writing language connects to computer language/racket programming. Our clas is about seeing the structure of expressions and turning it into a language that the copmputer can recognize. We first took expressions and turned them into circles of evaluation. Then we changed those into racket expressions, so from 2+(3+4) to (+2(+3+4)). This may look more complicated but it really isnt. Then we got into functions. A function is type of procedure or operation that the computer regonizes in its "dictionary". Some basic functions are the operations in math: addition, subtraction, mulitplication, and division. Some other functions are basic shapes like: triangle, ellipse, rectangle, circle, etc. To describe a function, we have strings. They are different words that change the output of a function. To combine two images, we use the function put-image. When you use put image, you state what cordinates the shape will be positioned on. I took my knoledge of the x and y axis from algebra to help me figure out positioning. We then used a new function called bitmap/url which takes an image link and turns it into an image when it gets outputted. We then start the basis for our video game, taking images from the internet to create the game. My player is Jerry, and the obstacle is Tom. The player is trying to get the cheese. Lastly, we needed to take those images and give them the names I gave them. The define function take a value and applies it to a word or letter. This takes the put-image, bitmap/url, and the define function.

